hi I'm Robert Carroll transportation
services manager at the city Grand
Prairie this being the first winter with
our enhanced residential service
provides several advantages the
increased service is certainly a big
benefit of it but like everything
there's trade-offs and with their
enhanced service comes the residents
having to deal with the wind rows across
driveways and windrows across sidewalks
so I hope to give you a little bit of
suggestions on how to best deal with
those wind rows and make them not so
much of a pain as as they are to a lot
of people big job done right you got to
have the right equipment crappy little
shovels just won't handle the windrow
across your driveway getting the right
shovel is important something strong
with a good handle made of aluminum or
lightweight steel is the best bet and
using your legs not your back
best thing to do break things down the
size just a good whack with a chipper in
the right spot makes those big slabs of
compacted snow and ice much more
manageable
sometimes lifting it high is difficult
especially in those winters where the
snow banks get taller than you
that's where using a scoop can help a
scoop can make little work of a big job
you can always hire the neighborhood
kids to take care of it for you
another option is a low focus on removal
contractor just google them and check
the yellow pages and there'll be
somebody who can remove the window for
you and they can handle it for you all
winter
our windrow removal program is available
for elderly people disabled people who
have nobody living in the home who could
remove the window for them just go to
the city's website for more information